We've put together both of our publishers.
So now we're going to go back to our new route handler and the delete route handler.
In both those, we had left ourselves some little comments.
So here's the new handler and we left ourselves a comment at the very bottom where we said that we should
publish an event to say that an order was created.
So let's take care of that.
We're going to start off first inside of our new handler.
In order to publish an event, we need both the publisher that we just created and we also need an active
Nats client.
You might recall that to manage our Nats client, we've got that Nats wrapper file inside of our root
CRC directory.
So this Nats upper class right here, we create a singleton out of it at the very bottom called Nats
wrapper.
And this Nats wrapper class is what is going to give us access to an active Nats client.
All right.
So inside of Newt's at the very top, we will add in two import statements.
One four hour order created.
Publisher.
From up one directory events publishers order created.
There we go.
Publisher.
And we'll also get our Nats rapper.
From up one directory nats rapper.
So we can go ahead and publish that event down where we left that comment.
So here's where we left the comment.
Right after it, we will create a new publisher.
And remember, when we create the publisher, we have to feed it the Nats client.
So we'll do a new order created publisher.
The parson.
That's rapper client.
And then we will publish.
And when we pass in that empty object for right now to publish, we can hover over it and it will tell
us the exact properties that we have to provide.
So we have to throw in the ID status, user ID and so on.
So let's fill it out.
So when we publish this event, we're going to pass along some data of the ID and the ID is going to
come from the order that we had created just a moment ago.
The order ID.
Then our status will be the orders status.
Next up is our user ID.
Which will be the order.
User ID.
Then expires at.
Now, remember, on this order object right here we are assigning a date object.
And the date object is what is going to eventually be more or less saved to the database.
The date object doesn't actually technically it saved into the database, but Mongoose is going to automatically
take that date object and convert it to a string just before it gets saved into MongoDB.
But at our code level, at basically what we have access to inside of this file that expires, that
property is a date object.
Now we are not going to provide a date object for the expires that property.
Instead we had said that we were going to provide expires that as a string.
The reason for that is that whatever object we put inside of here is going to be eventually turned into
JSON.
When a date object gets turned into JSON or essentially a string, that JSON code is essentially going
to say, hey, data object, turn yourself into a string and the date object is going to assume that
it should turn itself into a string representing the current time zone that it is in.
So in other words, if we just rely upon the normal behavior and we put in some kind of date object
right here, we would end up with a date string or a timestamp that reflects whatever time zone you
are living in.
So for me, I'm currently in Mountain Standard Time, so it would be some date time right here, Mountain
Standard Time, and that's not what we want.
Whenever we share time stamps across different services, we want to communicate them in some kind of
timezone, agnostic sort of way.
So ideally we would be providing a UTC timestamp which is going to work regardless of what the time
zone of the service that is receiving this event is in.
So rather than relying upon this default to string behavior of the date object, which would end up
with some not time zone that we want, we are going to instead control how this thing gets turned into
a string.
So we are going to provide order expires at two ISO string.
And that's how we do it.
That's how we get a UTC timestamp.
Notice how it's capital ISO and A capital S.
So that's going to return to us a string.
It's going to give us the date that is contained inside these expires at object.
And it's going to be in a UTC time format or Time's Up.
Okay.
Enough of that.
So next up, we have to provide the status of the order.
So we'll put in status of order.
Oh, sorry.
We already did the status on two lines right above.
We have to do the ticket.
So for the ticket, we have to provide the idea of the ticket.
That would be ticket ID.
And then the price as well, which will be ticket price.
And let's take a pause right here.
When we come back in the next video, we're going to go through this same process over inside of our
delete route handler.